---
layout: post
title: "Tunnels"
---

Yesterday I finally finished reading a book series I read the start of when I was young. If you're wondering what series it is, it's the Tunnels series from Roderick Gordon, but this won't really contain spoilers.

I absolutely loved reading the series again,  not just nostalgia it was genuinely a great set of books, they might have started out as fairly generic YA "trash" (my favorite kind of fiction) but it quickly turned into a much more mature feeling novel with a much more meaningful plotline than I had expected. But the ending of the last book... Felt... Weird. It was a fine ending and all, but it made me wonder what the author's plans were, as there were still a lot of, less than tidy, loose ends. So it got me reading and it turns out that the author has more books he could write (he has some notes at least) if the publisher ever asks, but he has not been asked yet. 

It made me wonder, how could I handle having a story to tell and not being able to tell it. It's a rough idea to me, one of the reasons that I yearn for independence, so that I get to decide when a story is done... But even then am I actually the one in control of that? As long as I'm relying on other people for anything, am I really in control of where things go? If I have employees I can't just stop something unless I have a replacement... If I'm relying on audience support, I don't get to decide what's successful and worth spending time on. In this world there is no such thing as independence... Not in that way at least.

I have an upcoming project I'm working hard on and even though I know it won't necessarily be something that all of you love, it's something that I am so excited for and I just want it to succeed, especially since it's success would not only help me, but it would also buoy my friends up along  with me. But I'm nervous too. There are a lot of spinning plates and I know that a few of them are going to crash, I just don't know which yet.